docs: Update advanced-usage.md (#495)
actions/setup-node: docs/advanced-usage.md

### Yarn

> Ensure that `yarn.lock` is always committed, pass `--frozen-lockfile` or `--immutable` to `yarn install` when installing packages.

Reviewer: What's the difference between these options?  Is there reason to prefer one or the other?

Author: Hope more people test

Reviewer: Thanks @xiaotiandada.  I say we just recommend `--immutable` then:

```suggestion
To ensure that `yarn.lock` is always committed, use `yarn install --immutable` when installing packages.
```
